Manhood                                                                                                                                                         1623564    No one called anyone a slut.  If anything it is a commentary on the men who don't step up.  This is daddit.  This is where we as men shed boyhood and take on the ultimate responsibility of manhood: being a father.  What better way to tell the woman who gave you the best gift you will ever receive thank you than to tell her you'd like to give forever a shot via marriage.  I think that is a fair trade.                                                                                                                                                                                                       
1931021    I am a cut dad and would not want my own to go through that horrific and misguided process. When I was younger, I felt the same way as your husband. My concern was that a boy child w a full turtleneck would be subject to ridicule from the ladies.I was born in 1970 and I feel that was probably a common thought?  It was the norm, I guess. Oddly, porn was the thing that changed my mind.  It seems being uncut is more and more common. And it may sound weird but when I see those guys that have retained all of their manhood, I feel a bit envious (not because of their god given gifts, ha.). I want my boy to experience manhood, 100%. Isn't cutting him a bit of that away? Pun unavoidable. \n\n                                                      

Yeah the dad gear stuff is also kind of what I'm trying to avoid. It looks like a backpack I used in middle school. And the name...Dad Gear...it sounds so old. I want something called "Patriarch." Something strong and manly. I believe my manhood will be enhanced because of being a father, not weakened because of it. Or at least I don't want to give off that image :)\n\nNow Timbuk2 is more like what I'm talking about. I love their stuff.\n\nMaybe something thats a combo of timbuk2, goruck and killspencer?                                                                                                                                                                                      
1985870    Meh, sounds more like 45 click bait activities. Plus 45+ things you can buy to make you feel secure with your kids manhood.\n\nTeaching a boy to be a man is no different than teaching a girl to be a woman; be honest, be punctual, be resourceful. You don't need a moleskin journal or a Swiss army knife to teach that.                                                                                                                                                      
2073522    If you read it that way fine. I was never taught how to properly clean myself being uncircumcised and it caused issues. I chose to circumcise my son because of the cleanliness factor. If you don't agree with it so be it. It's my child not yours. \n\nThis is like how some guys never want to neuter their male dogs because it's "taking away their manhood" It's all personal preference. You choose not to do it. I chose to do it. 


Meh, sounds more like 45 click bait activities. Plus 45+ things you can buy to make you feel secure with your kids manhood.\n\nTeaching a boy to be a man is no different than teaching a girl to be a woman; be honest, be punctual, be resourceful. You don't need a moleskin journal or a Swiss army knife to teach that.   
  
If you read it that way fine. I was never taught how to properly clean myself being uncircumcised and it caused issues. I chose to circumcise my son because of the cleanliness factor. If you don't agree with it so be it. It's my child not yours. \n\nThis is like how some guys never want to neuter their male dogs because it's "taking away their manhood" It's all personal preference. You choose not to do it. I chose to do it.                                                                                                                                                          
2078858    I hate 'Man up and pay for daycare' that is a cost that has nothing to do with manhood. \n\nAnyways, pay your mom for the daycare and make sure she does the most of it. Even if you she flatly refuses it, make sure she takes some money for it. This is in everyone's best interest, really.\n\nWhen your baby goes over to your fiance's parents house, make sure the mom is present. Even then, I would suggest shorter stays rather than longer stays. \n\nThe important thing is you do whats right for your family. Not act like a machismo roid fucktard about it. \n\nYour thinking is logical, be confident about it and stand up for the right decision. Your father-in-law to be made decisions in his past and the long-term payment for those decisions are over due. Everyone needs to sit down and have a conversation about it. If he refuses to have the conversation and confront the topic, then you have your answer: He is not mature enough to handle the responsibility of parenting your kid. 

 I'm fumbling and bumbling around with figuring out how to best hold baby, change her diaper, swaddle her... etc.\n\nIt's like this: you'll master skills that will make things easier, but then your baby grows into another stage and you've got new skills to learn for that stage.  Which reminds me, it seems like everybody already gives the depressing "advice" about cherishing every moment because they grow up so fast.  While that is true, the flip side is it's awesome watchin
 
 &gt; "Don't get offended by everything"\n\nI agree in most things with this, but the fumbling dad who can't or doesn't want to do any rearing of a child is an old trope and makes it seem like we don't care for our children like previous generations did. It gets really old really fast, especially when people say it and they *know* through facebook are seeing me care for him still say that BS
 
Fumbling....
 
As a working dad it annoys me too. It’s a diaper not rocket science. \n\nIf a commercial had a well man looking clueless about power tools people would be up in arms calling it sexist (who’s it is) but poor old dad fumbling with a diaper just gets some hands on the hips and a smiling shake of the head

We have a shower in our room so the bath is always on bath mode... except when it wasn’t. In laws had visited and used the bath/shower.\n\nBaby had a really messy poop, was generally in a bad mood so I ran him to the bath. I get him in it and then turn the water and I get soaked by the shower, plus it’s freezing cold, baby is also soaked/scared/angry/cold. It was like the worst five seconds of fumbling of my parenthood. Couldn’t really let go of baby because he started trying to run away from the shower and would undoubtedly fall.... I check every time now.  


Brew/beer/

